README.md, before:

# Awesome Startup Resources
Curated list of resources to start and grow your startup

- [General](#general)
- [Learning Resources](#learning-resources)
- [Books](#books)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
- [Customer Discovery](#customerdiscovery)
- [Customer Validation](#customervalidation)
- [Customer Creation](#customercreation)
- [Company Building](#companybuilding)
- [KPIs and OKRs](#kpisandokrs)
- [Incubators / Accelerators](#incubatorsaccelerators)
- [Online Communities](#onlinecommunities)
- [Places to post your startup](#placestopostyourstartup)
- [Raising Money](#raising-money)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [AI](#ai)
  - [Marketing](#marketing)
  - [Analytics](#analytics)
  - [Task & Project Management](#taskprojectmanagement)
  - [Design](#design)
  - [Tech](#tech)
  - [MVP](#mvp)
  - [Research](#research)
  - [Payments](#payments)
  - [Hosting](#hosting)
  - [Naming](#naming)
  - [Domain Names](#domainnames)
  - [Growth](#growth)
  - [Hiring](#hiring)

# General
- [Paul Graham's essays](http://www.paulgraham.com/articles.html)
- [Sam Altman's blog](http://blog.samaltman.com/)

# Learning Resources
- [Startup Library](https://www.ycombinator.com/library)
- [Founder Resorces](https://www.founderresources.io/)
- [Startup Handbook](https://versionone.vc/startup-handbook/)

# Books

- [The Four Steps to the Epiphany - Steve Blank](http://www.amazon.com/Four-Steps-Epiphany-Steve-Blank/dp/0989200507)
- [The Startup Owner's Manual - Steve Blank](https://www.amazon.com.br/Startup-Owners-Manual-Step-Step/dp/0984999302)
- [Running Lean by Ash Maurya](http://www.amazon.com/Running-Lean-Iterate-Series-ebook/dp/B006UKFFE0/) - A practical guide to the Lean Startup
- [The Lean Startup by Eric Ries](http://www.amazon.com/Lean-Startup-Innovation-Successful-ebook/dp/B004J4XGN6/)
- [Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products](http://amzn.com/1591847788)
- [Zero to One by Peter Thiel](https://www.amazon.com/Zero-One-Notes-Startups-Future/dp/0804139296) Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future
- [Make - Bootstrapper's Handbook ](https://makebook.io/)
- [The Founder's Dilemmas by Noam Wasserman](http://www.amazon.com/The-Founders-Dilemmas-Entrepreneurship-ebook/dp/B007AIXKUM/)
- [Inspired: How to Create Tech Products Customers Love - Marty Cagan](https://www.amazon.com.br/Inspired-Create-Tech-Products-Customers/)
- [Empowered: Ordinary People, Extraordinary Products - Marty Cagan](https://www.amazon.com/Empowered-Ordinary-People-Extraordinary-Products/dp/B08MV6VRGY/)
- [The Hard Thing About Hard Things - Ben Horowitz](https://www.amazon.com.br/Hard-Thing-about-Things-Building/)
- [Business Model Generation by Alexander Osterwalder](http://www.amazon.com/Business-Model-Generation-Visionaries-ebook/dp/B00BD6RFFS/)
- [Founders At Work by Jessica Livingston](http://www.amazon.com/Founders-Work-Stories-Startups-ebook/dp/B009IXMK4O/) - A collection of interviews about the early days of popular technology companies
- [Traction: A Startup Guide to Getting Customers](http://www.amazon.com/Traction-Startup-Guide-Getting-Customers-ebook/dp/B00N06Y2DW/)
- [Venture Capitalists at Work by Tarang Shah and Sheetal Shah](http://www.amazon.com/Venture-Capitalists-Work-Billion-Dollar-ebook/dp/B006C9EM1Q/) - Venture Capitalists at Work: How VCs Identify and Build Billion-Dollar Successes offers unparalleled insights into the funding and management of companies like YouTube, Zappos, Twitter, Starent, Facebook, and Groupon. The venture capitalists profiled—among the best in the business—also reveal how they identify promising markets, products, and entrepreneurs. 
- [Venture Deals by Brad Feld and Jason Mendelson](http://www.amazon.com/Venture-Deals-Smarter-Capitalist-ebook/dp/B00AO2PWOI/)
- [Cold Start Problem](https://www.amazon.com/Cold-Start-Problem-Andrew-Chen-ebook/dp/B08HZ5XY7X/)

# Inspiration

- [Founders At Work by Jessica Livingston](http://www.amazon.com/Founders-Work-Stories-Startups-ebook/dp/B009IXMK4O/) - A collection of interviews about the early days of popular technology companies
- [Product Hunt](http://www.producthunt.com/)
- [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/)
- [Chunch Base](https://www.crunchbase.com/)
- [SaaS Pages](https://saaspages.xyz) - A collection of the best landing pages with a focus on copywriting and design
- [SaaS Frame](https://www.saasframe.io/) - Inspiration for SaaS Marketers & Product Designers
- [Start Story](https://www.starterstory.com/)
- [Test your startup idea](https://blog.hubstaff.com/test-your-startup-idea/)
- [How to Find the Right Startup Idea](https://blog.hubstaff.com/test-your-startup-idea/)
- [The artist and the innovator](https://blog.leanstack.com/the-artist-and-the-innovator-e6b4888c5869)
- [Don't start with an MVP](https://blog.leanstack.com/dont-start-with-an-mvp-aa883de5cd18)
- [Software Alternatives and Reviews](https://www.saashub.com/)
- [Product checklist](https://www.productchecklist.co/)
- [r/SaaS](https://www.reddit.com/r/SaaS)

## Startup Decks

- [Cirrus Insight](https://www.cirrusinsight.com/blog/startup-pitch-decks)
- [Chagency](https://www.chagency.co.uk/getstartupfunding/)
- [OpenDeck](https://www.openvc.app/opendeck.php)

# Videos

- [Startup School 2018 by Y Combinator](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQ-uHSnFig5NVnJ_cLWM7dLuMQRDeekoX)
- [Startup School 2019 by Y Combinator](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQ-uHSnFig5OMuEYI4rnNz08BIHxhxdHG)
- [Mind The Product](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiT1BmYvOBsEvU9iw0076Sw/videos?)
- DevTube
- PMFlix

# Podcasts

- Acquired
- Produto pelo Mundo
- Mulheres de Produto
- Inside Intercom
- A16z
- Masters of Scale
- FYI - For Your Innovation
- This is Product Management
- Storicast
- Retention
- Product Gurus
- Product Backstage
- PM3 Talks
- Movimento UX
- Product Led Podcast

# Customer Development resources
- [A curated list of customer development resources](https://medium.com/@bwenneker/a-curated-list-of-customer-development-resources-40-a967c238729b)
- [Customer Forces Canvas](https://blog.leanstack.com/the-updated-problem-interview-script-and-a-new-canvas-1e43ff267a5d)

# Customer Discovery
- [The Mon Test](https://www.amazon.com.br/Mom-Test-customers-business-everyone-ebook/dp/B01H4G2J1U)
- [Empathy Map](https://www.solutionsiq.com/resource/blog-post/what-is-an-empathy-map/)

# Customer Validation

## Product-Market fit
- [Fundamentals of Product-Market fit](https://www.holloway.com/s/rvc-fundamentals-of-product-market-fit)
- [Superhuman article](https://firstround.com/review/how-superhuman-built-an-engine-to-find-product-market-fit/)

# Customer Creation



# Company Building
- [WSGR Startup Basics: How to name your startup?](https://thisweekinstartups.com/name-startup-wsgr-startup-basics/?ref=startupstash)
- [Growthhacklist](https://growthhacklist.com/) - Growthhacklist is a global community of makers & creators building an online business.

# Co-founders
- [Founders and co-founders by startups.com](https://www.startups.com/library/expert-advice/startup-founders-and-cofounders)
- [How to Find a Co-Founder For Your Startup?](https://www.cloudways.com/blog/how-to-find-a-co-founder-for-startup/)
- [How to split equity among co-founders](https://blog.ycombinator.com/splitting-equity-among-founders/)

# KPIs and OKRs
- [Curated List](https://github.com/domenicosolazzo/awesome-okr)

# Incubators / Accelerators
- [YCombinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/)
- [500Startups](https://500.co/)
- [Plug and Play](https://www.plugandplaytechcenter.com/)

# Online Communities
- [/r/Entrepreneur](https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/)
- [/r/startups](https://www.reddit.com/r/startups/)
- [/r/SaaS](https://www.reddit.com/r/SaaS/)
- [Indie Hackers](https://www.indiehackers.com/)
- [AngelList](https://angel.co/)
- [The Hive List - List of Entrepreneurship Communities](https://thehiveindex.com/topics/entrepreneurship/)

# Places to post your startup
- [Curated List](https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup)
- [BetaPage](https://betapage.co/)
- [Product Hunt](http://www.producthunt.com/)
- [betalist.com](https://betalist.com) - Discover and get early access to tomorrow's startup

# Raising Money
- [Investopedia article](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/102015/series-b-c-funding-what-it-all-means-and-how-it-works.asp)
- https://www.chagency.co.uk/getstartupfunding/ - A curated library of venture capital investment pitch decks
- [How to raise money](http://www.paulgraham.com/fr.html)
- [Venture Deals](https://www.amazon.com.br/Venture-Deals-Smarter-Lawyer-Capitalist/dp/1119259754)
- [Bridge Rounds vs Series Rounds](https://tech.co/news/bridge-rounds-vs-series-rounds-2013-09)
- [Startup Financing Calculator](https://calculator.ledgy.com)

# Tools


## AI
- [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/)


## Marketing
- [Really Good Emails - Curated list of emails](https://reallygoodemails.com/)
- [Email copy from great companies](https://www.goodemailcopy.com/)
- [Buffer](https://buffer.com) - Social Media analytics and Scheduling
- [BuzzSumo](https://buzzsumo.com) - Find Most Shared Content and Key Influencers
- [QuickTwit](https://quicktwit.com) - Tools for finding Trends in Topics
- [SocialBlade](https://socialblade.com/) - Social Media Statistics
- [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/) - Create custom triggers to automate social media workflows
- [HubSpot for startups](https://www.hubspot.com/startups)
- [Sumo](https://page.sumo.com/gosumo)
- [Viral Loops - Referrals made easy](https://viral-loops.com/)
- [Customer.io - Automation](https://customer.io/)
- [150 marketing tools](https://blog.rebrandly.com/150-best-marketing-tools/)

## Analytics
- [Amplitude - Product Analytics for Web and Mobile](https://amplitude.com/)
- [Hotjar - Heatmaps, Visitor Recordings, Conversion Funnels, Form Analytics, Feedback Polls and Surveys in One Platform](https://www.hotjar.com/)
- [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com/analytics/web/)
- [Microsoft Clarity - Free Heatmaps & Session Recordings](https://clarity.microsoft.com/)

## Task & Project Management
- [Todoist](https://todoist.com/)
- [Asana](https://asana.com) - Track your team's work & manage projects
- [Trello](https://trello.com) - Create and manage kanban boards
- [Basecamp](https://basecamp.com/)
- [Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/br/software/jira)
- [Monday](https://monday.com)
- [Taskade](https://taskade.com)
- [Sendtask](https://sendtask.io/)
- [Blossom](https://blossom.co/)

## Design
- [Undesign - Collection of free design tools and resources for makers, developers and designers](https://undesign.learn.uno/)
- [UX Archive - The iPhone app archive](http://uxarchive.com/)
- [UI-Cloud - The largest user interface design database in the world.](http://ui-cloud.com)
- [Pttrns - Collection of app designs](https://pttrns.com/)
- [easelly - Create infographics](https://www.easel.ly/)
- [Glaze - Free illustrations](https://www.glazestock.com/)
- [Control - Free customizable illustrations](https://control.rocks/)
- [Mobbin](https://mobbin.design)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/)
- [Canva](https://www.canva.com/)
- [Invision](https://www.invisionapp.com/)
- [Sketch](https://www.sketch.com/)

## Tech
- [The Ultimate SaaS Tech Stack Database](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cyP43c079mbshNfRlag9TQIetX1jAulc3xv-EEONgrw/edit#gid=2035484728)

## MVP
- [Unicorn Platform](https://unicornplatform.com/)
- [An MVP is not a cheaper product by Steve Blank](http://steveblank.com/2013/07/22/an-mvp-is-not-a-cheaper-product-its-about-smart-learning/)
- [Retool](https://retool.com/)

## Research
- [Survey Monkey](https://pt.surveymonkey.com/)

## Payments
- [Stripe](https://stripe.com)
- [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/br/home)
- [Adyen](https://www.adyen.com)
- [PagarMe](https://pagar.me/)

## Hosting
- [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/)
- [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/)
- [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)
- [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/)
- [Amazon AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/)

## Naming
- [Panabee](https://www.panabee.com/)
- [Namemesh](https://www.namemesh.com/)
- [Naminum](http://www.naminum.com)
- [Namechk](https://namechk.com/)
- [BrandBucket](https://www.brandbucket.com/)
- [Squadhelp](https://www.squadhelp.com/)

## Market Research
- [GutCheck](https://www.gutcheckit.com/)
- [Statista - Business Data Platform](https://www.statista.com/)
- [Google Trends](https://trends.google.com/trends/)
- [Aytm](https://aytm.com/)
- [Similar Web](https://www.similarweb.com/pt)
- [Compass](https://www.compass.co/)

## Growth
- [Beginners guide to seo](https://moz.com/beginners-guide-to-seo)
- [100+ Growth tactics](https://www.thegrowthlist.co/growth-tactics)
- [Where does growth comes from?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHdS_4GsKmg&ab_channel=TalksatGoogle)

## Hiring
- [Founder library about hiring](https://www.founderlibrary.com/categories/hiring)
- [Job Interviews Don't Work](https://fs.blog/2020/07/job-interviews/)

Commit message:

Update README with Aquin links and description

README.md, after:

# Awesome Startup Resources
Curated list of resources to start and grow your startup

- [General](#general)
- [Learning Resources](#learning-resources)
- [Books](#books)
- [Inspiration](#inspiration)
- [Videos](#videos)
- [Podcasts](#podcasts)
- [Customer Discovery](#customerdiscovery)
- [Customer Validation](#customervalidation)
- [Customer Creation](#customercreation)
- [Company Building](#companybuilding)
- [KPIs and OKRs](#kpisandokrs)
- [Incubators / Accelerators](#incubatorsaccelerators)
- [Online Communities](#onlinecommunities)
- [Places to post your startup](#placestopostyourstartup)
- [Raising Money](#raising-money)
- [Tools](#tools)
  - [AI](#ai)
  - [Marketing](#marketing)
  - [Analytics](#analytics)
  - [Task & Project Management](#taskprojectmanagement)
  - [Design](#design)
  - [Tech](#tech)
  - [MVP](#mvp)
  - [Research](#research)
  - [Payments](#payments)
  - [Hosting](#hosting)
  - [Naming](#naming)
  - [Domain Names](#domainnames)
  - [Growth](#growth)
  - [Hiring](#hiring)

# General
- [Paul Graham's essays](http://www.paulgraham.com/articles.html)
- [Sam Altman's blog](http://blog.samaltman.com/)

# Learning Resources
- [Startup Library](https://www.ycombinator.com/library)
- [Founder Resorces](https://www.founderresources.io/)
- [Startup Handbook](https://versionone.vc/startup-handbook/)

# Books

- [The Four Steps to the Epiphany - Steve Blank](http://www.amazon.com/Four-Steps-Epiphany-Steve-Blank/dp/0989200507)
- [The Startup Owner's Manual - Steve Blank](https://www.amazon.com.br/Startup-Owners-Manual-Step-Step/dp/0984999302)
- [Running Lean by Ash Maurya](http://www.amazon.com/Running-Lean-Iterate-Series-ebook/dp/B006UKFFE0/) - A practical guide to the Lean Startup
- [The Lean Startup by Eric Ries](http://www.amazon.com/Lean-Startup-Innovation-Successful-ebook/dp/B004J4XGN6/)
- [Hooked: How to Build Habit-Forming Products](http://amzn.com/1591847788)
- [Zero to One by Peter Thiel](https://www.amazon.com/Zero-One-Notes-Startups-Future/dp/0804139296) Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future
- [Make - Bootstrapper's Handbook ](https://makebook.io/)
- [The Founder's Dilemmas by Noam Wasserman](http://www.amazon.com/The-Founders-Dilemmas-Entrepreneurship-ebook/dp/B007AIXKUM/)
- [Inspired: How to Create Tech Products Customers Love - Marty Cagan](https://www.amazon.com.br/Inspired-Create-Tech-Products-Customers/)
- [Empowered: Ordinary People, Extraordinary Products - Marty Cagan](https://www.amazon.com/Empowered-Ordinary-People-Extraordinary-Products/dp/B08MV6VRGY/)
- [The Hard Thing About Hard Things - Ben Horowitz](https://www.amazon.com.br/Hard-Thing-about-Things-Building/)
- [Business Model Generation by Alexander Osterwalder](http://www.amazon.com/Business-Model-Generation-Visionaries-ebook/dp/B00BD6RFFS/)
- [Founders At Work by Jessica Livingston](http://www.amazon.com/Founders-Work-Stories-Startups-ebook/dp/B009IXMK4O/) - A collection of interviews about the early days of popular technology companies
- [Traction: A Startup Guide to Getting Customers](http://www.amazon.com/Traction-Startup-Guide-Getting-Customers-ebook/dp/B00N06Y2DW/)
- [Venture Capitalists at Work by Tarang Shah and Sheetal Shah](http://www.amazon.com/Venture-Capitalists-Work-Billion-Dollar-ebook/dp/B006C9EM1Q/) - Venture Capitalists at Work: How VCs Identify and Build Billion-Dollar Successes offers unparalleled insights into the funding and management of companies like YouTube, Zappos, Twitter, Starent, Facebook, and Groupon. The venture capitalists profiled—among the best in the business—also reveal how they identify promising markets, products, and entrepreneurs. 
- [Venture Deals by Brad Feld and Jason Mendelson](http://www.amazon.com/Venture-Deals-Smarter-Capitalist-ebook/dp/B00AO2PWOI/)
- [Cold Start Problem](https://www.amazon.com/Cold-Start-Problem-Andrew-Chen-ebook/dp/B08HZ5XY7X/)

# Inspiration

- [Founders At Work by Jessica Livingston](http://www.amazon.com/Founders-Work-Stories-Startups-ebook/dp/B009IXMK4O/) - A collection of interviews about the early days of popular technology companies
- [Product Hunt](http://www.producthunt.com/)
- [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/)
- [Chunch Base](https://www.crunchbase.com/)
- [SaaS Pages](https://saaspages.xyz) - A collection of the best landing pages with a focus on copywriting and design
- [SaaS Frame](https://www.saasframe.io/) - Inspiration for SaaS Marketers & Product Designers
- [Start Story](https://www.starterstory.com/)
- [Test your startup idea](https://blog.hubstaff.com/test-your-startup-idea/)
- [How to Find the Right Startup Idea](https://blog.hubstaff.com/test-your-startup-idea/)
- [The artist and the innovator](https://blog.leanstack.com/the-artist-and-the-innovator-e6b4888c5869)
- [Don't start with an MVP](https://blog.leanstack.com/dont-start-with-an-mvp-aa883de5cd18)
- [Software Alternatives and Reviews](https://www.saashub.com/)
- [Product checklist](https://www.productchecklist.co/)
- [r/SaaS](https://www.reddit.com/r/SaaS)

## Startup Decks

- [Cirrus Insight](https://www.cirrusinsight.com/blog/startup-pitch-decks)
- [Chagency](https://www.chagency.co.uk/getstartupfunding/)
- [OpenDeck](https://www.openvc.app/opendeck.php)

# Videos

- [Startup School 2018 by Y Combinator](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQ-uHSnFig5NVnJ_cLWM7dLuMQRDeekoX)
- [Startup School 2019 by Y Combinator](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQ-uHSnFig5OMuEYI4rnNz08BIHxhxdHG)
- [Mind The Product](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiT1BmYvOBsEvU9iw0076Sw/videos?)
- DevTube
- PMFlix

# Podcasts

- Acquired
- Produto pelo Mundo
- Mulheres de Produto
- Inside Intercom
- A16z
- Masters of Scale
- FYI - For Your Innovation
- This is Product Management
- Storicast
- Retention
- Product Gurus
- Product Backstage
- PM3 Talks
- Movimento UX
- Product Led Podcast

# Customer Development resources
- [A curated list of customer development resources](https://medium.com/@bwenneker/a-curated-list-of-customer-development-resources-40-a967c238729b)
- [Customer Forces Canvas](https://blog.leanstack.com/the-updated-problem-interview-script-and-a-new-canvas-1e43ff267a5d)

# Customer Discovery
- [The Mon Test](https://www.amazon.com.br/Mom-Test-customers-business-everyone-ebook/dp/B01H4G2J1U)
- [Empathy Map](https://www.solutionsiq.com/resource/blog-post/what-is-an-empathy-map/)

# Customer Validation

## Product-Market fit
- [Fundamentals of Product-Market fit](https://www.holloway.com/s/rvc-fundamentals-of-product-market-fit)
- [Superhuman article](https://firstround.com/review/how-superhuman-built-an-engine-to-find-product-market-fit/)

# Customer Creation



# Company Building
- [WSGR Startup Basics: How to name your startup?](https://thisweekinstartups.com/name-startup-wsgr-startup-basics/?ref=startupstash)
- [Growthhacklist](https://growthhacklist.com/) - Growthhacklist is a global community of makers & creators building an online business.

# Co-founders
- [Founders and co-founders by startups.com](https://www.startups.com/library/expert-advice/startup-founders-and-cofounders)
- [How to Find a Co-Founder For Your Startup?](https://www.cloudways.com/blog/how-to-find-a-co-founder-for-startup/)
- [How to split equity among co-founders](https://blog.ycombinator.com/splitting-equity-among-founders/)

# KPIs and OKRs
- [Curated List](https://github.com/domenicosolazzo/awesome-okr)

# Incubators / Accelerators
- [YCombinator](https://www.ycombinator.com/)
- [500Startups](https://500.co/)
- [Plug and Play](https://www.plugandplaytechcenter.com/)

# Online Communities
- [/r/Entrepreneur](https://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/)
- [/r/startups](https://www.reddit.com/r/startups/)
- [/r/SaaS](https://www.reddit.com/r/SaaS/)
- [Indie Hackers](https://www.indiehackers.com/)
- [AngelList](https://angel.co/)
- [The Hive List - List of Entrepreneurship Communities](https://thehiveindex.com/topics/entrepreneurship/)
- [**Aquin's** Discord Server](https://www.discord.gg/cxzJAyK2jN)

# Places to post your startup
- [Curated List](https://github.com/mmccaff/PlacesToPostYourStartup)
- [BetaPage](https://betapage.co/)
- [Product Hunt](http://www.producthunt.com/)
- [betalist.com](https://betalist.com) - Discover and get early access to tomorrow's startup

# Raising Money
- [Investopedia article](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/personal-finance/102015/series-b-c-funding-what-it-all-means-and-how-it-works.asp)
- https://www.chagency.co.uk/getstartupfunding/ - A curated library of venture capital investment pitch decks
- [How to raise money](http://www.paulgraham.com/fr.html)
- [Venture Deals](https://www.amazon.com.br/Venture-Deals-Smarter-Lawyer-Capitalist/dp/1119259754)
- [Bridge Rounds vs Series Rounds](https://tech.co/news/bridge-rounds-vs-series-rounds-2013-09)
- [Startup Financing Calculator](https://calculator.ledgy.com)

# Tools


## AI
- [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com/)
- [Aquin](https://www.aquin.app/) - Build your own LLMs in just a few minutes with few clicks; simple, fast and cost efficient for free

## Marketing
- [Really Good Emails - Curated list of emails](https://reallygoodemails.com/)
- [Email copy from great companies](https://www.goodemailcopy.com/)
- [Buffer](https://buffer.com) - Social Media analytics and Scheduling
- [BuzzSumo](https://buzzsumo.com) - Find Most Shared Content and Key Influencers
- [QuickTwit](https://quicktwit.com) - Tools for finding Trends in Topics
- [SocialBlade](https://socialblade.com/) - Social Media Statistics
- [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/) - Create custom triggers to automate social media workflows
- [HubSpot for startups](https://www.hubspot.com/startups)
- [Sumo](https://page.sumo.com/gosumo)
- [Viral Loops - Referrals made easy](https://viral-loops.com/)
- [Customer.io - Automation](https://customer.io/)
- [150 marketing tools](https://blog.rebrandly.com/150-best-marketing-tools/)

## Analytics
- [Amplitude - Product Analytics for Web and Mobile](https://amplitude.com/)
- [Hotjar - Heatmaps, Visitor Recordings, Conversion Funnels, Form Analytics, Feedback Polls and Surveys in One Platform](https://www.hotjar.com/)
- [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com/analytics/web/)
- [Microsoft Clarity - Free Heatmaps & Session Recordings](https://clarity.microsoft.com/)

## Task & Project Management
- [Todoist](https://todoist.com/)
- [Asana](https://asana.com) - Track your team's work & manage projects
- [Trello](https://trello.com) - Create and manage kanban boards
- [Basecamp](https://basecamp.com/)
- [Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/br/software/jira)
- [Monday](https://monday.com)
- [Taskade](https://taskade.com)
- [Sendtask](https://sendtask.io/)
- [Blossom](https://blossom.co/)

## Design
- [Undesign - Collection of free design tools and resources for makers, developers and designers](https://undesign.learn.uno/)
- [UX Archive - The iPhone app archive](http://uxarchive.com/)
- [UI-Cloud - The largest user interface design database in the world.](http://ui-cloud.com)
- [Pttrns - Collection of app designs](https://pttrns.com/)
- [easelly - Create infographics](https://www.easel.ly/)
- [Glaze - Free illustrations](https://www.glazestock.com/)
- [Control - Free customizable illustrations](https://control.rocks/)
- [Mobbin](https://mobbin.design)
- [Figma](https://www.figma.com/)
- [Canva](https://www.canva.com/)
- [Invision](https://www.invisionapp.com/)
- [Sketch](https://www.sketch.com/)

## Tech
- [The Ultimate SaaS Tech Stack Database](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cyP43c079mbshNfRlag9TQIetX1jAulc3xv-EEONgrw/edit#gid=2035484728)

## MVP
- [Unicorn Platform](https://unicornplatform.com/)
- [An MVP is not a cheaper product by Steve Blank](http://steveblank.com/2013/07/22/an-mvp-is-not-a-cheaper-product-its-about-smart-learning/)
- [Retool](https://retool.com/)

## Research
- [Survey Monkey](https://pt.surveymonkey.com/)

## Payments
- [Stripe](https://stripe.com)
- [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/br/home)
- [Adyen](https://www.adyen.com)
- [PagarMe](https://pagar.me/)

## Hosting
- [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/)
- [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/)
- [Digital Ocean](https://www.digitalocean.com/)
- [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/)
- [Amazon AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/)

## Naming
- [Panabee](https://www.panabee.com/)
- [Namemesh](https://www.namemesh.com/)
- [Naminum](http://www.naminum.com)
- [Namechk](https://namechk.com/)
- [BrandBucket](https://www.brandbucket.com/)
- [Squadhelp](https://www.squadhelp.com/)

## Market Research
- [GutCheck](https://www.gutcheckit.com/)
- [Statista - Business Data Platform](https://www.statista.com/)
- [Google Trends](https://trends.google.com/trends/)
- [Aytm](https://aytm.com/)
- [Similar Web](https://www.similarweb.com/pt)
- [Compass](https://www.compass.co/)

## Growth
- [Beginners guide to seo](https://moz.com/beginners-guide-to-seo)
- [100+ Growth tactics](https://www.thegrowthlist.co/growth-tactics)
- [Where does growth comes from?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHdS_4GsKmg&ab_channel=TalksatGoogle)

## Hiring
- [Founder library about hiring](https://www.founderlibrary.com/categories/hiring)
- [Job Interviews Don't Work](https://fs.blog/2020/07/job-interviews/)
